We have them thinking I'm dead.
You'd better visit my grave regularly.
Taiju-kun.
Look.
Someone's dug it up at some point.
You're right.
Good eye, Yuzuriha. I'm impressed.
Do you think Senku-kun and the
others buried something for us?
But what should we do?
There are guards watching.
We can't dig it up with a shovel.
They're visiting that grave day after day.
What, are they talking
to the dead or something?
I've got this.
I-Is this...
Yo.
Senku!
I missed this all so much, I could cry.
Including your ridiculously loud voice.
Is this the guy we've heard so much about?!
So that's Taiju!
It finally connected!
Our cell phone hot line,
over an absurd distance!
Senku!
It's been just about a year, huh?
I... Senku...
I...
Senku!
I am Senku!
No, you're not.
I'm Senku.
Call from the Dead
Senku!
The "cell phone," was it?
To think it really allows him to speak
to his friend over such a distance...
It's so impressive, I don't
even know what to think.
The voice of science known as
"radio waves" flies through the air,
connecting the faraway enemy
base with this village, Father!
Are you done crying yet, you big oaf?
My ear's rotting.
Sorry.
I'm just so happy.
Senku-kun...
Hey, Yuzuriha.
You worked up to cell phones
in just a year, huh?
You're amazing. Not that I didn't know that.
What's going on? He's been screaming all day.
Is it the anniversary of
his death or something?
I'd love to sit here shaking in
the awe of our cell phones working
as we reminisce about old
times for ten billion years...
But I think you're gonna have to get going.
I'll get straight to the point.
First, tear someone away from Tsukasa-kun's
army and drag them to the cell phone.
Make up any reason you need to.
I'll fill in the details.
Are you sure you don't need to rehearse this?
I don't think he has an option, so long
as there are guards watching them.
In fact, Taiju, it's better
that you don't know anything.
Just believe everything I say like the
idiot you are, even if it sounds crazy.
That's so half-assed!
I'd be mad if I were Taiju-kun!
Senku, let me make sure of one thing.
That's the best way to avoid
bloodshed, is that right?
Yeah.
That's the best way to avoid bloodshed.
All right, I got it, Senku.
If that's what you think,
I don't need any more explanation.
Even after a year apart,
their trust is unwavering.
I think I see why Senku and
Taiju survived against Tsukasa.
We don't have much time left until the
Tsukasa Army makes its full assault.
Gen will be back tomorrow or so.
The mission begins immediately.
Have you gotten any messages
from Gen and the others?
No, I haven't heard anything.
All I saw was the receiver buried
really deep in the ground.
That would have put the phone
at risk of being found.
That doesn't sound like Gen.
S-Something must have happened.
Why are we hiding in these bushes?!
Let's go murder any enemies we see!
Yeah, if only we knew where they were!
Shh!
You're the type that gets mowed down on
the battlefield right off the bat, Magma!
The enemy's name is Ukyo-chan.
He's got insane hearing.
These bushes are bad, then.
Bingo.
If we hide in these bushes,
we'll be making rustling
noises everywhere we go.
And he's definitely going to shoot us.
In fact, we didn't come to these bushes to hide.
We were lured here.
Damn it!
We need to get Gen back
to the Kingdom of Science,
even if we don't make it.
Then we could begin the cell phone
operation to take down the Tsukasa Empire.
If we only need to get
Gen home, I have a plan.
First, Chrome, you charge out.
And I follow.
Ooh!
And then what?
He's shooting from over there!
Found you!
Smash!
Oh, of course!
Wait, no!
Shh!
I'll die if we do that!
What the hell?
You're only worried about your own life.
What a selfish bastard.
Says you!
Why would I be bait for him?
Bait...
The spare battery we tried
to give Taiju and Yuzuriha.
The "positive" and "negative," was it?
Whatever, I just need to connect the ends,
and the wire will heat up like crazy.
The noise and smoke would
give away our position
if we sat there rubbing wood to start a fire.
But with science, it's instant.
Oh, shit!
He's hiding under the smoke and screaming
to drown out the sound of me
running through the bushes.
I love it.
This is way better than just lying in wait.
Oh, shit!
That's it, Gen!
You have to go, or we'll be making
ourselves bait for nothing.
You've got the insanely important
task of talking people
from Tsukasa's army into joining our side!
I'll beat you to death if you
don't make it home alive!
Oh, shit!
I already know who to bring to our side first.
There's something I want you to hear.
With the guard on our side,
we should be able to slowly bring everyone
in the Tsukasa Empire onto our side.
I made some kind of copper swirly!
Clock spring
acquired!!
The record's spinning so smoothly!
Spinning it manually messes up the song,
because it's hard to keep a steady speed.
Even with the record playing perfectly,
without Gen here, it's all for nothing.
Yuzuriha and Taiju are about to bring
their target to the cell phone.
If Gen doesn't get home
by then, it's game over.
So, Senku-chan, who's the
first one I need to win over?
Gen!
You're okay!
Nikki-san, was it?
I'd like to talk.
Hear me out.
I won't!
My job is to watch over you two.
I'm making sure you aren't meeting
with anyone in secret or
doing anything suspicious.
Tsukasa would tell me not to let
you find out, but I don't care.
You two already know, don't you?
Taiju, Yuzuriha, I have no intention
of getting chummy with either of you.
Give it up.
The only word I'll accept in response is "yes."
Say any more than that, and I'll pound you.
I don't care!
I said, say any more, and I'll pound you!
It hasn't hurt him at all.
No, it has.
He's toughing it out.
That's fine.
You can punch me on every second word.
But in exchange, hear me out!
Hear what my friend has
to say! It's important!
What is that?
You're kidding! A phone?!
In this world? How?
Hi! I'm Lillian Weinberg.
I don't know much, but even I know
that she's an American singer.
Do you know her, Nikki?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Of course I do.
And I'm her interpreter, Sebastian.
Sebastian?
Wait, that's Senku's voice!
No, he said not to say anything,
even if it sounds crazy.
Hello? I'm calling from USA.
"I'm calling from America."
Everyone in Japan, please listen to me.
"Please listen to me, everyone in Japan."
USA is back from the stone.
"America is back from stone."
What?!
Did you hear that, you two?!
We're saved!
Wow, is that what's going on?
I think I've figured out their plan.
I can at least tell that
Senku-kun's trying to play her.
Hold it.
First...
Lillian was in space at the time.
Yup.
As soon as we returned to
Earth, we were petrified.
We only recently got restored.
Lillian...
I...
I was saved so much by your
songs, you have no idea!
I had such a rough time
at school, being so butch...
And you saved me!
I'd do anything to help you.
But if someone's pretending
to be Lillian Weinberg...
I'll make certain they're dead!
Yeah, this is bad.
She's legit.
We've hit a super-fan right off the bat.
You know, I've always noticed...
Your luck of the draw really sucks, huh?
The first person you
revived was Tsukasa-chan,
lightning strikes right before you're ready...
I can't help...
but notice something's off about your voice.
If you're the real Lillian, I'm truly sorry.
Could you answer some questions
so I know you're real?
If you're really her, you would know.
How many CDs have you sold in total?
What are you going to do,
Senku-kun, Gen-kun?
There's no way you'd know!
We've got three options.
My memory got wiped when I was petrified!
One: dodge the question.
The answer is ten billion copies.
Two: guess.
That's so rude! I'm gonna get angry!
Three: snap.
What should we do, Senku-chan?
Four: answer correctly.
Here's a back-of-napkin Fermi
estimate—a logical approximation.
A seat on the Soyuz spaceship costs
50 million dollars, or five billion yen.
Supposing Lillian has double that
in cash, or ten billion yen,
and given that singers of her caliber
pull in roughly ten times that on tour,
we find what she makes in royalties.
At least 60 million copies.
I don't know how much more.
Okay, perfect.
Now it's up to me.
We had a "50 million copies sold"
party a while ago,
but CDs don't make up the majority of
my sales anymore, so I don't remember.
Sorry.
Should I wake up my manager?
No...
She's right.
Then, one more question.
If you can say this number, I'll believe you.
We've got this, Senku-chan!
If it's just hard numbers we're dealing with,
you can use your Fermi-whatchamacallit, right?
What are your measurements?
Just give me something rough!
Even if it's not perfect,
I can tell her I changed!
I'm counting on you.
The other one is this diva
named Lillian Weinberg.
Apparently she bought
a ticket for $50 million.
Huh.
Senku!
Check out this photo I got with
my buddies at the Russian base!!
I gotta estimate from memory.
Byakuya's height, the
sizes of the equipment...
Use that to calculate her proportions!
88-65-85.
You look way skinnier in your profile photos.
How am I supposed to know?!
She's obviously shopping
her photos for her fans!
She's a professional!
Well, those are my actual proportions!
Of course. Lillian would never
tell her fans her real proportions.
She's a professional, even in this world.
She'd keep the fantasy alive for her fans!
You aren't the real Lillian Weinberg!
This is seriously bad.
Should we chance it and play her song?
No, but if a super-fan heard her
voice after she heard mine,
she'd pick up on it immediately.
Should I keep talking at her?
Or...
We're playing the record.
The sound quality's better now,
with the clock spring.
We're betting on science over BS.
Mu...
...sic!
Amazing...
But how?
Yeah, it's real.
Only the song is real.
I'd never mistake it for anything else.
You could never fake it.
Do you have any idea how much I...
How many times I listened to this?!
Lillian doesn't exist in this world anymore.
Am I right?
Yeah, that's right.
But she lives on forever, if only in
this song you brought back to life.
This is a science question.
Could you use your power to
bring back Lillian's other songs?
Yes!
Senku-chan, you have to say yes!
No way in hell.
All those wimpy recording mediums have
turned to dust, ten billion percent.
I can only promise you one thing.
I'll protect this one last song for you,
with the power of science.
You're pretty awkward, aren't you?
I could tell right away.
You're always honest about science.
It's something to have faith in.
I might fall in love with you.
No, seriously, don't.
I need to protect this record
with my life in order to trick
Tsukasa's troops and bring them to our side.
And you want to preserve the
song, even if it kills you.
We're on the same team.
All right.
We have a deal.
I'll cooperate with your plan!
Thank you, Nikki-san!
We've done it! Finally!
We finally have an ally
in the Tsukasa Empire!
Nikki the Guard has joined the party!!
Full Assault
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.